# rsa-app

The program consists of two classes one is Alice which present the one who
generate the public key pair and send the public key to Bob through TCP socket,
then decrypt the cipher text received from Bob.
The other one is Bob who will use the public key to encrypt the message and send
the cipher text to Alice for decryption. . The input p and q should be generated by
random numbers program

To encrypt a message, M, with the public key, create the cipher text, C, using the
equation: C = Me mod n
The receiver then decrypts the cipher text with the private key using the equation:

In Alice:

1. Generate a Big Integer p which has bit length 512, prime certainty 1-1/2^50.
   The p is generated using Secure Random object that has seed provided by
   Sun. corp.
2. Generate q the way as p.
3. Calculate p _ q = n and ( p-1)_(q-1)
4. After public key n and private key d have been generated, if user click
   “send” the program will create a TCP socket with hostname and port number
   and send the public key to Bob.
5. Create Server Socket to wait for client and create a Socket for the connection
   to receive the cipher text from Bob.
6. Read cipher text c from TCP socket and calculate plaintext m using d

In Bob:-

Create Server Socket to wait for client and create a Socket for the connection to
receive the public key from Alice.

After the user key in the plaintext and click “send”, calculate the cipher text using
public key n, e and modPow function of Big Integer. Create a TCP Socket and
send the cipher text to Alice.
